# School_District_Analysis
##Overview of the school district analysis
>-Purpose: The purpose of the project is cleaning and fixing the errors of given datasets, create a clean analysis and learning the jupyter notebook basics. To achieve these goals we were given a school and studen csv files and asked to create a new data frames that shows us to averages of grades, overall passing students, budgets and impacts on districts. Another purpose is also Thomas High school's 9th grade results were not trusted and we need to replace them with empty values in order not to counted in overall process.
-Methods: By using the conda pandas, kernel, jupyter notebook were installed. Process is followed by applications and several different functions usage.
##Results
>The overall results doesnt affected much, since Thomas High School average math grades were rising by the the time reading grades were decreased. Overall student counts decreased as well. Also when we replacing the 9th Grade overall passing counts by using loc command different variants of changes observed. For example average math results almost same when you look at the school type summary it was decreased. All results can be seen in the outputs of the challenge and original file.
##Difficulties
>Most of the difficulties are based on misspelling and formatting. When some cells need to be formatted and restarted you need to control whole sheet and format everything. This can be time consuming. To overcome this problem mostly another file,cells, or redefined dataframes were used.
##Summary
>In conclusion "Jupyter Notebook" is highly recommended data analytics tool. Especially with pandas. Easy to manipulate and categorized cell by cell. In our project we reached the overall results which can be manipulated however desired. By using the loc command we achieved to desired replacement throught the dataframes rows and columns.